README.md, before:

<h3>
  Country Picker for React Native.
</h3>

<p>
   <a href="https://reactnative.gallery/xcarpentier/country-picker"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/reactnative.gallery-%F0%9F%8E%AC-green.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-country-picker-modal"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-country-picker-modal.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-country-picker-modal"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-country-picker-modal.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="#hire-an-expert"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%92%AA-hire%20an%20expert-brightgreen"/></a>
</p>

| iOS                                                                                               | Android                                                                                           | Web                                                                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <img  src="https://media.giphy.com/media/cKmlP4Ue5pUrH0DQLi/giphy.gif" width="200" height="400"/> | <img  src="https://media.giphy.com/media/Q7SDti4eARGx2CQIGE/giphy.gif" width="200" height="400"/> | <img  src="https://media.giphy.com/media/gKl3z3c7sVVL7KSSh8/giphy.gif" width="250" height="400"/> |

## Demo

- 🎉[ GO TO WEB DEMO ](http://xcarpentier.github.io/react-native-country-picker-modal/) 🎉
- [snack example](https://snack.expo.io/@xcarpentier/bossy-marshmallows)

## Installation

```bash
$ yarn add react-native-country-picker-modal
```

## Basic Usage

For more complete example open [App.tsx](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/App.tsx)

```tsx
import React, { useState } from 'react'
import { View, Text, StyleSheet, PixelRatio, Switch } from 'react-native'
import CountryPicker from 'react-native-country-picker-modal'
import { CountryCode, Country } from './src/types'

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  // ...
})

export default function App() {
  const [countryCode, setCountryCode] = useState<CountryCode>('FR')
  const [country, setCountry] = useState<Country>(null)
  const [withCountryNameButton, setWithCountryNameButton] = useState<boolean>(
    false,
  )
  const [withFlag, setWithFlag] = useState<boolean>(true)
  const [withEmoji, setWithEmoji] = useState<boolean>(true)
  const [withFilter, setWithFilter] = useState<boolean>(true)
  const [withAlphaFilter, setWithAlphaFilter] = useState<boolean>(false)
  const [withCallingCode, setWithCallingCode] = useState<boolean>(false)
  const onSelect = (country: Country) => {
    setCountryCode(country.cca2)
    setCountry(country)
  }
  return (
    <View style={styles.container}>
      <Text style={styles.welcome}>Welcome to Country Picker !</Text>
      <Option
        title='With country name on button'
        value={withCountryNameButton}
        onValueChange={setWithCountryNameButton}
      />
      <Option title='With flag' value={withFlag} onValueChange={setWithFlag} />
      <Option
        title='With emoji'
        value={withEmoji}
        onValueChange={setWithEmoji}
      />
      <Option
        title='With filter'
        value={withFilter}
        onValueChange={setWithFilter}
      />
      <Option
        title='With calling code'
        value={withCallingCode}
        onValueChange={setWithCallingCode}
      />
      <Option
        title='With alpha filter code'
        value={withAlphaFilter}
        onValueChange={setWithAlphaFilter}
      />
      <CountryPicker
        {...{
          countryCode,
          withFilter,
          withFlag,
          withCountryNameButton,
          withAlphaFilter,
          withCallingCode,
          withEmoji,
          onSelect,
        }}
        visible
      />
      <Text style={styles.instructions}>Press on the flag to open modal</Text>
      {country !== null && (
        <Text style={styles.data}>{JSON.stringify(country, null, 2)}</Text>
      )}
    </View>
  )
}
```

## Props

- `countryCode`: [CountryCode](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L252)
- `region?`:[Region](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L272)
- `subregion?`: [Subregion](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L282)
- `countryCodes?`: [CountryCode](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L254)
- `theme?`: [Theme](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/7611d34fa35744dbec3fbcdd9b4401494b1ba8c4/src/CountryTheme.ts#L5)
- `translation?`: [TranslationLanguageCode](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L309)
- `modalProps?`: [ModalProps](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/modal#props)
- `filterProps?`: [CountryFilterProps](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/textinput#props)
- `flatListProps?`: [FlatListProps<Country>](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/flatlist#props)
- `withAlphaFilter?`: boolean
- `withCallingCode?`: boolean
- `withCurrency?`: boolean
- `withEmoji?`: boolean
- `withCountryNameButton?`: boolean
- `withCurrencyButton?`: boolean
- `withCallingCodeButton?`: boolean
- `withFlagButton?`: boolean
- `withCloseButton?`: boolean
- `withFilter?`: boolean
- `withFlag?`: boolean
- `withModal?`: boolean
- `visible?`: boolean
- `containerButtonStyle?`: `StyleProp<ViewStyle>`
- `renderFlagButton?`(props: (FlagButton['props'])): ReactNode ([FlagButton props](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/FlagButton.tsx#L73))
- `renderCountryFilter?`(props: CountryFilter['props']): ReactNode ([CountryFilter props is TextInputProps](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/textinput#props))
- `onSelect`(country: Country): void ([Country](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L263))
- `onOpen`(): void
- `onClose`(): void
- `closeButtonImage?`: [ImageSourcePropType](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/image#props)
- `closeButtonStyle?`: StyleProp<ViewStyle>
- `closeButtonImageStyle?`: StyleProp<ImageStyle>
- `disableNativeModal?`: boolean (you have to wrap your all app with CountryModalProvider)
- `preferredCountries`: [CountryCode](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L254) preferred countries they appear first (`withAlphaFilter` must be false)

## Dark theme example

<p align="center">
    <img alt="react-native-country-picker-modal-dark" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2692166/40585272-094f817a-61b0-11e8-9668-abff0aeddb0e.png" width=150>
</p>

A simple example to display a `CountryPicker` component with a dark theme.

```tsx
import CountryPicker, { DARK_THEME } from 'react-native-country-picker-modal'

const MyDarkView = () => <CountryPicker theme={DARK_THEME} />
```

## Dependencies

- world-countries : https://www.npmjs.com/package/world-countries

## FAQ

### Is it supported and tested both on android and iOS?

YES

### Is the data that is populated inside the list saved offline once I install your package?

YES : It used the world-countries package and image is stored into json and base64.

## Tiers lib using this lib

- [react-native-phone-verification](https://github.com/joinspontaneous/react-native-phone-verification)

[> Your project?](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-linkedin/issues/new)

## See also

- [react-native-linkedin](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-linkedin)

## Contribution

- [@xcapentier](mailto:contact@xaviercarpentier.com) The main author.

## Questions

Feel free to [contact me](mailto:contact@xaviercarpentier.com) or [create an issue](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker/issues/new)

> made with ♥

## Licence

[MIT](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

## Hire an expert!

Looking for a ReactNative freelance expert with more than 12 years experience? Contact me from my [website](https://xaviercarpentier.com)!

Commit message:

chore: use `volta` to manage yarn dependencies

README.md, after:

<h3>
  Country Picker for React Native.
</h3>

<p>
   <a href="https://reactnative.gallery/xcarpentier/country-picker"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/reactnative.gallery-%F0%9F%8E%AC-green.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-country-picker-modal"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-country-picker-modal.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-country-picker-modal"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-country-picker-modal.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="#hire-an-expert"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%92%AA-hire%20an%20expert-brightgreen"/></a>
</p>

| iOS                                                                                               | Android                                                                                           | Web                                                                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <img  src="https://media.giphy.com/media/cKmlP4Ue5pUrH0DQLi/giphy.gif" width="200" height="400"/> | <img  src="https://media.giphy.com/media/Q7SDti4eARGx2CQIGE/giphy.gif" width="200" height="400"/> | <img  src="https://media.giphy.com/media/gKl3z3c7sVVL7KSSh8/giphy.gif" width="250" height="400"/> |

## Demo

- 🎉[ GO TO WEB DEMO ](http://xcarpentier.github.io/react-native-country-picker-modal/) 🎉
- [snack example](https://snack.expo.io/@xcarpentier/bossy-marshmallows)

## Installation

```bash
$ yarn add react-native-country-picker-modal
```

## Basic Usage

For more complete example open [App.tsx](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/App.tsx)

```tsx
import React, { useState } from 'react'
import { View, Text, StyleSheet, PixelRatio, Switch } from 'react-native'
import CountryPicker from 'react-native-country-picker-modal'
import { CountryCode, Country } from './src/types'

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  // ...
})

export default function App() {
  const [countryCode, setCountryCode] = useState<CountryCode>('FR')
  const [country, setCountry] = useState<Country>(null)
  const [withCountryNameButton, setWithCountryNameButton] = useState<boolean>(
    false,
  )
  const [withFlag, setWithFlag] = useState<boolean>(true)
  const [withEmoji, setWithEmoji] = useState<boolean>(true)
  const [withFilter, setWithFilter] = useState<boolean>(true)
  const [withAlphaFilter, setWithAlphaFilter] = useState<boolean>(false)
  const [withCallingCode, setWithCallingCode] = useState<boolean>(false)
  const onSelect = (country: Country) => {
    setCountryCode(country.cca2)
    setCountry(country)
  }
  return (
    <View style={styles.container}>
      <Text style={styles.welcome}>Welcome to Country Picker !</Text>
      <Option
        title='With country name on button'
        value={withCountryNameButton}
        onValueChange={setWithCountryNameButton}
      />
      <Option title='With flag' value={withFlag} onValueChange={setWithFlag} />
      <Option
        title='With emoji'
        value={withEmoji}
        onValueChange={setWithEmoji}
      />
      <Option
        title='With filter'
        value={withFilter}
        onValueChange={setWithFilter}
      />
      <Option
        title='With calling code'
        value={withCallingCode}
        onValueChange={setWithCallingCode}
      />
      <Option
        title='With alpha filter code'
        value={withAlphaFilter}
        onValueChange={setWithAlphaFilter}
      />
      <CountryPicker
        {...{
          countryCode,
          withFilter,
          withFlag,
          withCountryNameButton,
          withAlphaFilter,
          withCallingCode,
          withEmoji,
          onSelect,
        }}
        visible
      />
      <Text style={styles.instructions}>Press on the flag to open modal</Text>
      {country !== null && (
        <Text style={styles.data}>{JSON.stringify(country, null, 2)}</Text>
      )}
    </View>
  )
}
```

## Props

- `countryCode`: [CountryCode](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L252)
- `region?`:[Region](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L272)
- `subregion?`: [Subregion](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L282)
- `countryCodes?`: [CountryCode](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L254)
- `theme?`: [Theme](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/7611d34fa35744dbec3fbcdd9b4401494b1ba8c4/src/CountryTheme.ts#L5)
- `translation?`: [TranslationLanguageCode](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L309)
- `modalProps?`: [ModalProps](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/modal#props)
- `filterProps?`: [CountryFilterProps](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/textinput#props)
- `flatListProps?`: [FlatListProps<Country>](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/flatlist#props)
- `withAlphaFilter?`: boolean
- `withCallingCode?`: boolean
- `withCurrency?`: boolean
- `withEmoji?`: boolean
- `withCountryNameButton?`: boolean
- `withCurrencyButton?`: boolean
- `withCallingCodeButton?`: boolean
- `withFlagButton?`: boolean
- `withCloseButton?`: boolean
- `withFilter?`: boolean
- `withFlag?`: boolean
- `withModal?`: boolean
- `visible?`: boolean
- `containerButtonStyle?`: `StyleProp<ViewStyle>`
- `renderFlagButton?`(props: (FlagButton['props'])): ReactNode ([FlagButton props](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/FlagButton.tsx#L73))
- `renderCountryFilter?`(props: CountryFilter['props']): ReactNode ([CountryFilter props is TextInputProps](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/textinput#props))
- `onSelect`(country: Country): void ([Country](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L263))
- `onOpen`(): void
- `onClose`(): void
- `closeButtonImage?`: [ImageSourcePropType](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/image#props)
- `closeButtonStyle?`: StyleProp<ViewStyle>
- `closeButtonImageStyle?`: StyleProp<ImageStyle>
- `disableNativeModal?`: boolean (you have to wrap your all app with CountryModalProvider)
- `preferredCountries`: [CountryCode](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/src/types.ts#L254) preferred countries they appear first (`withAlphaFilter` must be false)

## Dark theme example

<p align="center">
    <img alt="react-native-country-picker-modal-dark" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2692166/40585272-094f817a-61b0-11e8-9668-abff0aeddb0e.png" width=150>
</p>

A simple example to display a `CountryPicker` component with a dark theme.

```tsx
import CountryPicker, { DARK_THEME } from 'react-native-country-picker-modal'

const MyDarkView = () => <CountryPicker theme={DARK_THEME} />
```

## Dependencies

- world-countries : https://www.npmjs.com/package/world-countries

## FAQ

### Is it supported and tested both on android and iOS?

YES

### Is the data that is populated inside the list saved offline once I install your package?

YES : It used the world-countries package and image is stored into json and base64.

## Tiers lib using this lib

- [react-native-phone-verification](https://github.com/joinspontaneous/react-native-phone-verification)

[> Your project?](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-linkedin/issues/new)

## See also

- [react-native-linkedin](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-linkedin)

## Contribution

- [@xcapentier](mailto:contact@xaviercarpentier.com) The main author.

### Volta Setup

In development, Volta is used for resolution of the Nodejs and Yarn versions. If you have multiple versions of Nodejs and Yarn, Volta pins the required Nodejs and Yarn versions for the repo and ensures that you do not need to set the Nodejs version for each repo you open.

To get started do the following:

1. On Unix systems (Linux and MacOS), run:

   ```bash
   curl https://get.volta.sh | bash
   ```

   On Windows, download and install the `msi` package from the latest release: https://github.com/volta-cli/volta/releases

2. Close and re-open the terminal

## Questions

Feel free to [contact me](mailto:contact@xaviercarpentier.com) or [create an issue](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker/issues/new)

> made with ♥

## Licence

[MIT](https://github.com/xcarpentier/react-native-country-picker-modal/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

## Hire an expert!

Looking for a ReactNative freelance expert with more than 12 years experience? Contact me from my [website](https://xaviercarpentier.com)!
